java c
MATH50010   coursework   2024-25
26/11/2024
This coursework is due at   1pm   on   Monday   9th   December. Please submit   it   via   the   turnitin   link   on   blackboard.   Your   submission   should   contain   your   CID   but   not   your   name.
The   TaskIn   this   coursework,   we   will   analyse   the   air   quality   in   London.    The   dataset    daqi_2023   .csv   contains   the   daily   air   pollution   index   for   greater   London   for   every   day   in   2023.    The   ﬁrst   column   contains   the   date   of   the   measurement,   and   the   Index column   contains   the   index   for   that   day.    More   details   on   the   air   pollution index   can   be   found   here:   https://uk-air.defra.gov.uk/air-pollution/daqi?view=more-info.   Importantly,   an   air   pollution   index   of   1,2   or   3   is   considered   low.   A   low   air   pollution   index   means that there   should   not   be   enough   pollutants   in   the   air   to   cause   any   respiratory   issues.      An   air   pollution   index   of 4-6   is   considered   moderate   which   may   aﬀect   those   with   respiratory   conditions.      An   air   pollution   index   of   7   or   above   is   considered   high   and   on   such   days   there   is   a   risk   associated   with   strenuous   outdoor   activity.
The   dataset   daqi_2023   .csv   is   available   to   download   from   blackboard.   In   this   coursework   we   will   model   the   air   pollution   using   Markov   Chains   constructed   from   this   data   set.The   following   is   a   step-by-step   workﬂow   to   guide   you   through   the   task.   Your   coursework   submission   should      be   written   using   RMarkdown,   and   compiled   to   a   PDF   for   submission.   All   code   should   be   commented   clearly.   For   the   highest   marks,   you   should   communicate   to   the   marker   clearly   what   you   are   trying   to   do,   and justify      any   arbitrary   choices.      There   are   a   total   of   50   marks   available   for   this   coursework.      6/50   marks   are   available      for   an   extension   question,   you   can   still   get   a   good   mark   overall   without   attempting   this   question.
(4   marks)   Loading   and   exploration
1.      Read   the   data   in   to   R.2.    (2   marks)   We   want   to   split   the   data   into   low,   moderate   and   high   index   levels.    A   level   of 3   of below   is      considered   low,   index   level   of 4-6   is   moderate,   and   an   index   level   of   7   or   above   is   high.    Create   a   new      variable   called   ‘state’   indicating   whether   the   pollution   is   high   (2),   moderate   (1)   or   low   (0)   on   each   day.
3.    (2   marks)   Calculate   the   proportion   of days   in   each   of the   states   deﬁned   above.
(9   marks)   A   Markov   Chain   Model
We   will   now   model   the   data   as   a   Markov   Chain.
4.    (3   marks)   We   look   at   the   transitions   between   states.    Count   the   number   of pairs   in   each   of the   possible   pairs   of successive   states.    Overlaps   are   OK,   e.g.   the   sequence   0100   corresponds   to   one   (0,1)   transition,   one   (1,0)   transition   and   one   (0,0)   transition.
5.    (4 marks) Assume that the high/moderate/low   air   pollution   index   forms   a three-state   time-homogeneous   Markov   chain.      Use   the   data   to   estimate   the   transition   matrix   of the   chain.
6.    (2   marks)   Write   a   function   that   simulates   draws   of length   m from   a   three   state   Markov   chain.
(21   marks)   Parameter   Estimation
7.    (4   marks)   Use   your   function   from   question   6.    to   simulate   n   independent   ‘years’   of daily   air   pollution   index class代 写MATH50010 coursework 2024-25Java
代做程序编程语言iﬁcations using the transition   probabilities   from   the   data.    For each   of the   n   realizations   of the chain, compute the estimates of the transition   probabilities.    Show that the   estimators   are   approximately   unbiased.
8.    (3   marks)   Calculate   the   variances   of the   estimates   and   comment   on   any   diﬀerences.
9.    (3   marks)   Compute   the   correlation   between   your   estimate   of   P   (X1    =   1|X0    = 0)   and   your   estimate   of   all   other   transition   probabilities.      Are   there   any   other   correlations   you   expect   to   be   signiﬁcant?We   will   now   investigate   calculating   the   parameters   of the   transition   matrix   via   maximum   likelihood.      Using   the   Chain   Rule   for   probabilities   and   the   Markov   Property,   we   can   write   the   likelihood   of observing   samples   x0   ,   x1   ,   .   .   .   ,   xn      from   a   Markov   chain   as   P   (X0      = x0   )   n   P   (Xi    = xi   |Xi−1    = xi−1).
10.    (2   marks)   Write   down   the   log-likelihood   of the   data   in   terms   of the   elements   of the   3   state   transition   matrix   (these   will   be   the   parameters   we   want   to   estimate).
11.    (3   marks)   When   computing   the   maximum   likelihood   estimate,   we   want   to   make   sure   we   are   estimating   the   smallest   possible   number   of parameters.    Can   you   reduce   the   number   of parameters   of your   model?   Write   down the   log-likelihood with   the   smaller   number   of parameters.    [Hint:    use properties   of transition   matrices]
12.    (5   marks)   Calculate   the   maximum   likelihood   estimates   of the   transition   probabilities,   and   verify   that   these   are   similar   to   your   estimates   in   question   5.    (Note   that   you   do   not   need   to   estimate   the   initial   state   distribution)
13.    (1   mark)   Brieﬂy   explain   why   estimating   the   initial   state   distribution   from   the   data   via   maximum   likelihood   is   more   challenging.
(14   marks)   Estimating   high/low   air   pollution   eventsFor   these   questions,   we   will   use   our   estimated   transition   matrix   from   question   5.    or   11.    to   estimate   the   probability   of high   or   low   air   pollution   events.   You   should   state   which   estimate   you   are   using.   You   should   ﬁnd   an   expression   for   the   quantities   of interest   analytically   then   substitute   in   the   estimated   transition   matrix   for   the   transition   probabilities   to   create   your   estimates.
14.    (3   marks)   Given   that   we   start   in   a   low   air   pollution   index   day,   estimate   the   probability   that   the   air   pollution   index   is   low   for   the   rest   of the   year   (i.e.   every   other   day   that   year   has   a   low   air   pollution   index).
15.    (5   marks)   Estimate   the   expected   number   of days   in   a   year   that   have   a   high   air   pollution   level   given   that   we   start   in   a   low   air   pollution   day.      Compare   your   answer   to   the   number   of high   air   pollution   days   in   the   dataset.
16.    (6   marks,   extension)   Estimate   the   probability   that   after   a   low   air   pollution   index   day,   the   next   low   air   pollution   day   is   exactly   a   week   later   (i.e.   the   probability   that   after   a   low   air   pollution   index   day,   the   next   low   air   pollution   index   day   is   7   days   later   with   no   low   air   pollution   index   days   inbetween).
(2   marks)   Conclusions
17.    (2   marks)   Comment   on   any   limitations   of your   study   and   the   Markov   Chain   model.
   

         
加QQ：99515681  WX：codinghelp  Email: 99515681@qq.com
